(bright music)
This will be a quick one.
We just need to get our nav looking pretty good.
So first the nav needs to go alongside the logo.
So if you move the nav up to the logo
that is going to put the items right there.
Then let's open up our nav.js
and we are going to replace just the nav tag
with our nav style.
So if we take a look at the nav styles
I've supplied to you,
you'll see that it is a
styled.ul
and there's all kinds of different styles in here
that's gonna make it look good.
So let's go in here
and we'll say nav styles
that one auto imported.
Give it a save.
Boom.
And it looks like it's goofing up a little bit,
not what we exactly wanted.
Let's open up our header styles real quick.
All right, here we have this bar,
let's debug it together.
CSS Grid and Flexbox.
So we've got this bar here
and
it is
moved into two parts.
We have auto, which is however big the header needs to be
and then 1fr, which is the rest of the space
you see the, that's being sliced right there, that's good.
We want all the space to be the nav.
We got that
and then we have this UL.
So looks to me like this UL is not,
see the height of it.
The height of it should stretch all the way across.
So if we go back to this bar here
and we say align
items
center.
I think it should be align item stretch
and that will stretch it above.
So lets go back to our here, stretch.
Beautiful
looking good.
All right, we got that item showing up.
Let's move on to the next one
which is actually selling items on this page
and being able to add products
from the front end, like a user would.